feat(request-response): add modules for `json` and `cbor` messages (#3952)
paritytech/rust-libp2p: protocols/request-response/CHANGELOG.md

## 0.25.0 - unreleased

> - Implemented `request_response::json::Behaviour` and `request_response::cbor::Behaviour` which
>   use `json` and `cbor` representing of request/response, added according features.
>   See [PR 3952].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `request_response::json::Behaviour` and `request_response::cbor::Behaviour` building on top of the `serde` traits.
  See [PR 3952].
```

>   See [PR 3952].

Reviewer: Missing link reference at the bottom.
